Test TR69.1.11:     Firmware Download 

!4 Purpose:
    This test is designed to verify that the DUT can perform a Download, in particular a firmware 
download, when the ACS specifies a delay before which it should occur and in the event the device is 
rebooted during this time. 

!4 References:
 
          [1]        Broadband Forum TR-069 

!4 Resource Requirements:
 
          -    CPE (DUT) 
          -    CWMP Generator/Analyzer 
          -    File Server 

!4 Test setup:
 
          1.  Test Setup 1 or 2 

!4 Discussion:
 
          According to [1], the CWMP system can use the Download RPC to upgrade firmware on the CPE. 
The firmware image can be downloaded through any common means (such as FTP or HTTP). 
          The CPE can respond to the Download RPC in one of three ways, as defined in [1]: 
     1.    It may issue a DownloadResponse with the Status argument set to 0, indicating that the download 
          was a success, or 1 if it was a failure. These test metrics are designed to test for a successful 
          firmware download. 
     2.    It may call the TransferComplete RPC on the ACS later in the same session.        The 
          DownloadResponse in this case has a Status argument of 1. 
     3.    It may call the TransferComplete RPC on the ACS later in the next session.       The 
          DownloadResponse in this case has a Status argument of 1. 
In firmware/software upgrade situations, the Download RPC is only considered successful if the new image 
is successfully installed and applied.   Since this is the most vigorous use of the Download RPC, it is 
sufficient to test the DUT's ability to use the RPC. 
When the Download is complete, the CPE makes a TransferComplete call on the ACS.               If it is doing so in a 
new session (3, above), it indicates its intent to call TransferComplete in its Inform with the event code "7 
TRANSFER COMPLETE".             Since in this case the TransferComplete is being called because of the use of 
the Download RPC, it also includes the "M Download" event. 
The ACS can specify the DelaySeconds argument to instruct the CPE to perform the download after a 
certain period of time.  This is usually used to perform the download a specific time specified by the user of 
the ACS.   When this delay is specified, the Download must occur after the delay has elapsed.         If the CPE 
cannot perform the download, it must do so within an hour of the delay time. 
This test is designed to test the scenario in which the device is rebooted after the Download RPC is called, 
but before DelaySeconds is reached, to ensure that the DUT still performs the download.          To accomplish 
this, additional firmware is required for the DUT, one in which no changes to the CWMP stack are 
implemented but the version number or name has changed in some way that can be indicated to the CWMP 
Analyzer.   The firmware upgrade is performed twice, once as a baseline to ensure that the upgrade can be 
performed, and secondly after a reboot is applied during the delay. 
For the purpose of this test, it is assumed that an external server is part of the test setup that allows access to 
the firmware image.    In real world scenarios, the ACS may also act as the firmware repository and hence 
make the file available through FTP or HTTP. 

!4 Procedure:
 
     1.    Record the current firmware version of the DUT. 
     2.   Establish a network layer connection between the CPE and the CWMP Generator/Analyzer. 
     3.   Stimulate the DUT to initiate a CWMP session with the CWMP Generator/Analyzer. 
     4.   Schedule a Download remote procedure call on the DUT, specifying the filename to be used and 
         the server URL, with DelaySeconds set to 0. 
     5.   Allow the DUT to send a DownloadResponse. 
     6.   Allow the DUT to perform the firmware download. 
     7.   If the DUT must reboot to apply the image (and therefore issue a TransferComplete call), wait for 
         the following: 
              a.    The DUT to Reboot 
              b.    The DUT to initiate a CWMP connection with the CWMP Generator/Analyzer. 
              c.    The DUT to make an Inform remote procedure call, with the "7 Transfer Complete" and 
                   "M Download" event codes. 
              d.    The DUT to initiate the TransferComplete RPC. 
     8.   Allow the session to terminate successfully. 
     9.   Stimulate the DUT to initiate a CWMP session with the CWMP Generator/Analyzer. 
     10.   Analyze the DUT's Inform message to ensure that it reports the new firmware version. 
     11.   Allow the session to terminate successfully. 
     12.   Repeat steps 3-5 with DelaySeconds set to a large value, default 300 seconds. 
     13.   Schedule a Reboot RPC on the DUT or physically restart the device. 
     14.   Allow the DUT to perform the firmware download when the value selected in step 11 has expired. 
     15.   Repeat steps 7-11. 

!4 Test Metrics:
 
     1.    The DUT successfully performs the initial firmware upgrade. 
     2.   The DUTs Inform messages contain the correct event codes. 
     3.   The DUT successfully performs the firmware upgrade across reboot. 

!4 Possible Problems:
 
     1.    It may not be possible to obtain firmware upgrade files that change the version number on the 
         DUT while maintaining the actual CWMP stack version. 
     2.   The firmware upgrade may cause the device to become unstable.  This will cause the results of this 
         test to be inconclusive. 
Group 2 - CWMP Use Case Functionality 
         The tests in Group Two are designed to test specific use cases of CWMP.        These use cases are 
device specific; that is, the use cases will apply to a particular device type with a data model that is 
specified in one or more documents that accompany TR-069 [1].        In this version of the test suite, most of 
the tests are geared towards InternetGatewayDevices (devices that implement Broadband Forum TR-098 
[3]). These tests are conditional on the support of particular profiles from these published data models.     If 
the device does not support these profiles, these tests can be considered optional. 
         These tests assume that the underlying functionality in Group One has been exercised enough in 
order to accomplish the tests in Group Two.     Problems may occur at the protocol level, and those errors 
will be recorded in the failures of these tests. It is assumed that an underlying level of compliance (e.g., 
XML that is valid according to the schemas provided in [1], [2], and [3]) exists for communication to 
occur.  The success metrics of these tests DO NOT include these assumptions, and do not provide for 
normative protocol compliance - they are meant to exercise the DUT's ability to accomplish basic CWMP 
tasks. Any issues that arise due to obvious non-compliance will be recorded as part of the test reporting 
process. 
