Session Retry 

!4 Purpose:
 
         This test is designed to verify that the DUT retries a failed session with the ACS. 

!4 Target:
 
         Any CWMP enabled CPE that communicates directly with the ACS. 

!4 References:
 
         [1]     Broadband Forum TR-069 

!4 Normative Description:
 
         According to Broadband Forum TR-069[1], a CPE must retry failed sessions to attempt to 
redeliver events that it has previously failed to deliver and to allow the ACS to make additional requests 
in a timely fashion. The CPE MUST keep track of the number of times it has attempted to retry a failed 
session. 
         If the CPE fails to establish a session, this might be because the CPE supports CPE WAN 
Management Protocol v1.1 (or later) and the ACS supports only v1.0. If this situation is suspected, the 
CPE MUST revert to v1.0 when retrying the failed session. 
         A CPE MUST retry a failed session after waiting for an interval of time specified in the following 
Table or when a new event occurs, whichever comes first. The CPE MUST choose the wait interval by 
randomly selecting a number of seconds from a range given by the post-reboot session retry count. 
Beginning with the tenth post-reboot session retry attempt, the CPE MUST choose from a range between 
2560 and 5120 seconds. The CPE MUST continue to retry a failed session until it is successfully 
terminated.  Once a session terminates successfully, the CPE MUST reset the session retry count to zero 
and no longer applies the session retry policy to determine when to initiate the next session. 
        This test case tests three different parts: 
     1.  The CPE receives an HTTP layer fault from the ACS notifying it to revert back to CWMP v 1.0. It 
         retries session with the ACS by reverting back to v1.0 when retrying the failed session. 
    2.   The CPE receives an HTTP layer fault from the ACS.     It retries the session. 
    3.   The CPE receives a SOAP layer fault from the ACS.     It retries the session. 
Test Setup: 
        Part A: Revert back to previous CWMP version 
    1.   Configure the CPE to use the ACS URL set on the CWMP analyzer. 
    2.   Configure the CWMP Analyzer to use a CWMP version earlier than that of the DUT. If the DUT 
         supports a later CWMP version, configure it to use this version. If it does not, this section of the 
        test can be skipped. 
    3.   Connect the DUT and CWMP analyzer to the network infrastructure. 
        Part B: Session Retry on HTTP Fault and Part C: Session Retry on SOAP Fault 
    1.   Configure the CPE to use the ACS URL set on the CWMP analyzer. 
    2.   Connect the DUT and CWMP analyzer to the network infrastructure. 

!4 Procedure:
 
        Part A: Revert back to CWMP v1.0 
    1.   Stimulate the DUT to initiate a CWMP session with the CWMP analyzer. 
    2.   Instruct the CWMP Analyzer to respond with an HTTP response with status code of 400 (Bad 
         Request) instead of 200 OK. 
    3.  Allow the DUT to terminate the session. 
    4.  Allow the DUT to retry the session in accordance to the session retry policy by sending an Inform 
         message after the designated wait period, and with CWMP version set to an earlier version in 
        the SOAP Envelope. 
    5.   Respond to the Inform RPC with a successful InformResponse. 
    6.  Allow the DUT to successfully terminate the connection. 
        Part B: Session Retry on HTTP Fault 
    1.  Stimulate the DUT to initiate a CWMP session with the CWMP analyzer. 
    2.  Respond with an HTTP response with status code of 400 (Bad Request) instead of 200 OK. 
    3.  Allow the DUT to terminate the session. 
    4.  Allow the DUT to retry the session in accordance to the session retry policy by sending an Inform 
        message after the designated wait period. 
    5.  Respond to the Inform RPC with a successful InformResponse. 
    6.  Allow the DUT to successfully terminate the connection. 
        Part C: Session Retry on SOAP Fault 
    1.  Stimulate the DUT to initiate a CWMP session with the CWMP analyzer. 
    2.  Respond with an HTTP response with a SOAP fault response with fault code other than 8005 
        (Retry Request). 
    3.  Allow the DUT to terminate the session. 
    4.  Allow the DUT to retry the session in accordance to the session retry policy by sending an Inform 
        message after the designated wait period. 
    5.  Respond to the Inform RPC with a successful InformResponse. 
    6.  Allow the DUT to successfully terminate the connection. 

!4 Test Metrics:
 
        Part A: Revert back to CWMP v1.0 
    1.  The DUT is capable of successfully handling the HTTP error. 
    2.  The DUT retries the session within the time window of the session retry, and uses CWMP v 1.0 
    3.  The DUT increments the session retry counter in the Inform call. 
        Part B: Session Retry on HTTP Fault Code 
    1.  The DUT is capable of successfully handling the HTTP error. 
    2.  The DUT retries the session within the time window of the session retry. 
    3.  The DUT increments the session retry counter in the Inform call. 
        Part C: Session Retry on SOAP Fault Code 
    1.  The DUT is capable of successfully handling the SOAP Fault Code. 
    2.  The DUT retries the session within the time window of the session retry. 
    3.  The DUT increments the session retry counter in the Inform call. 
