Connection upon Initial Installation 

!4 Purpose:
 
         This test is designed to verify that the DUT attempts to establish a connection with the ACS upon 
installation into the network. 

!4 Target:
 
         Any CWMP enabled CPE that communicates directly with the ACS. 

!4 References:
 
         [1]     Broadband Forum TR-069 

!4 Normative Description:
 
        According to Broadband Forum TR-069 [1], the CPE MUST establish connection to ACS the first 
time it is connected to the access network on initial installation. 
        All CWMP sessions begin with the use of the Inform RPC.      Each Inform RPC contains event codes 
in its arguments that indicate the event which caused the session to be initiated.  In this case, the 
behavior is indicated by the event code “0 BOOTSTRAP”. 
        As this is presumably the first time the CPE is contacting a particular ACS, the “0 BOOTSTRAP”  
event is the only event that may be included in the Inform, unless further events have occurred after an 
unsuccessful attempt to contact the ACS (that is, if the Session Retry count is greater than 0). 
         This test verifies that the DUT attempts to establish a connection with the ACS upon installation 
into the network, that it uses the Inform RPC with the correct event codes, and that all CWMP messages 
in the process are valid. 
Test Setup: 
    1.   Configure the DUT to use the ACS URL set on the CWMP analyzer. 
    2.   Connect the DUT and CWMP analyzer to the network infrastructure. 

!4 Procedure:
 
    1.   Stimulate the DUT to send a CWMP Inform message to the CWMP analyzer as if it was contacting 
         the ACS for the first time, such as by changing the ACS URL locally. 
    2.   Respond to the Inform Request with an InformResponse. 
    3.   Allow the DUT to successfully terminate the session. 
    4.   Validate all CWMP messages. 

!4 Test Metrics:
 
    1.   The DUT attempts to establish a session by sending an Inform message. 
    2.  The Inform RPC arguments contain the “0 BOOTSTRAP” event code. 
    3.  The DUT’s CWMP messages are valid. 
    4.  The DUT successfully terminates the session. 
