Connection after Connection Request 

!4 Purpose:
 
         This test is designed to verify that the DUT attempts to establish a connection with the ACS upon 
receiving a valid connection request from the ACS. 

!4 Target:
 
         Any CWMP enabled CPE that communicates directly with the ACS. 

!4 References:
 
         [1]     Broadband Forum TR-069 

!4 Normative Description:
 
        According to Broadband Forum TR-069 [1], the CPE MUST establish connection to the ACS after a 
valid connection request is received from an ACS.  This is differentiated from a CPE that is connecting to 
an ACS in all previous tests. 
        A connection request is an empty HTTP 1.1 GET to a URL predetermined by the CPE.  This GET 
must be authenticated using digest or certificate based authentication.  Password information can be 
pre-configured on the CPE or set by the ACS upon initial communication. 
        All CWMP sessions begin with the use of the Inform RPC.       Each Inform RPC contains event codes 
in its arguments that indicate the event which caused the session to be initiated.  In this case, the 
behavior is indicated by the event code “6 CONNECTION REQUEST”. 
Test Setup: 
    1.   Configure the DUT with a connection request URL, connection request username, and 
         connection request password. 
    2.   Configure the CWMP analyzer to use the preconfigured URL, username, and password for 
         connection requests. 
    3.   Connect the DUT and CWMP analyzer to the network infrastructure. 

!4 Procedure:
 
    1.   Send a valid Connection RPC on the DUT. 
    2.   Allow the DUT to authenticate the connection request. 
    3.   Allow the DUT to initiate a session with the CWMP analyzer with successful Inform exchanges. 
    4.   Allow the DUT to successfully terminate the session. 
    5.   Validate all CWMP messages. 

!4 Test Metrics:
 
    1.   The DUT uses digest authentication to authenticate the connection request. 
    2.  The HTTP response from the DUT contains the “200 (OK)” or “204 (No Content)” status code. 
    3.  The HTTP response is sent before the DUT attempts to establish the CWMP session. 
    4.  The length of the HTTP response body is zero. 
    5.  The DUT successfully establishes a session with the ACS by sending an Inform Message with an 
        event code of “6 CONNECTION REQUEST”. 
    6.  The DUT’s CWMP messages are valid. 
    7.  The DUT successfully terminates the session. 
