Test TR69.1.7:    Reboot 

!4 Purpose:
    This test is designed to verify that the CPE can perform the Reboot function. 

!4 References:
 
          [1]       Broadband Forum TR-069 

!4 Resource Requirements:
 
          -  CPE (DUT) 
          -  CWMP Generator/Analyzer 

!4 Test setup:
 
          1.  Test Setup 1 or 2 

!4 Discussion:
 
          According to [1], the ACS may trigger a reboot in the CPE through use of the Reboot remote 
procedure call, primarily for troubleshooting purposes.     It is intended that the CPE sends the message 
response and completes the current CWMP session before doing so. 
          At the conclusion of the reboot, the CPE issues the standard Inform RPC on the ACS with the "1 
BOOT" and "M Reboot" event codes. 

!4 Procedure:
 
     1.    Establish a network layer connection between the DUT and the CWMP Generator/Analyzer. 
     2.    Stimulate the DUT to initiate a CWMP session with the CWMP Generator/Analyzer. 
     3.    Schedule a Reboot RPC on the DUT. 
     4.    Allow the DUT to respond to the Reboot remote procedure call. 
     5.    Allow the CWMP session to terminate successfully. 
     6.    Wait for the DUT to reboot. 
     7.    Allow the DUT to communicate its boot inform to the ACS. 
     8.    Allow the new session to terminate successfully. 
     9.    If any of the test metrics below fail, record and report the entire transaction. 

!4 Test Metrics:
 
     1.    The DUT successfully initiates a CWMP session. 
     2.    The RebootResponse is received. 
     3.    The DUT Reboots. 
     4.    The DUT successfully completes an Inform RPC upon reboot containing the event codes "1 
          BOOT" and "M Reboot". 

!4 Possible Problems:
 
     1.    The DUT may take an abnormal amount of time to reboot.         If this is the case, the DUT should be 
          observed physically if possible to ensure this is the case and the test retried. 
     2.    The DUT may have other events that had remained undelivered at the time of the Reboot.          While 
          this test does not check to ensure that the events were delivered, these events should be recorded 
          and it should be ensured that the events do not interfere with the "1 BOOT" and "M Reboot" 
          events. 
