 Test TR69F.1.1:    TCP Connection Request 

!4 Purpose:
    This test is designed to demonstrate that the DUT can receive a Connection Request over a TCP 
connection and that it initiates a session based on it. 

!4 References:
 
          [1]       Broadband Forum TR-069 

!4 Resource Requirements:
 
          -   CPE (DUT) 
          -   CWMP Generator/Analyzer 

!4 Test setup:
 
          -   Test Setup 1 

!4 Discussion:
 
          According to Broadband Forum TR-069 [1], the ACS may stimulate the CPE to initiate a CWMP 
session by sending a Connection Request message.       This message is an HTTP 1.1 GET to a URL that is 
specified by the CPE.   As such, it is dependent upon prior communication with the CPE. 
          The CPE responds to the HTTP GET with either an HTTP "200 (OK)" or "204 (No Content)" 
status message of zero length.   If the ability to service the Connection Request is not available (due to 
resource constraints or denial of service protection), the CPE responds with an error "503 (Service 
Unavailable)" message.    Within 30 seconds of completion of this transaction, the CPE then initiates a 
CWMP session with the ACS.        If the session is not initiated within 30 seconds, the ACS may attempt to 
retry the Connection Request. 
          According to [1], all CWMP sessions begin with the CPE making an Inform RPC on the ACS. 
The Inform RPC contains a list of event codes as one of its arguments that specifies the reason that the CPE 
initiated the session. For connection request sessions, the event code list MUST contain the event code "6 
CONNECTION REQUEST". 
          TR-069 demands that the CPE must authenticate the ACS before initiating the session (using 
digest authentication) to prevent denial of service attacks, using pre-set usernames and passwords.  This test 
acts as verification that the DUT can successfully authenticate and receive the Connection Request, and 
that a subsequent CWMP session is initiated. 

!4 Procedure:
 
     1.    Establish a network layer connection between the CPE and the CWMP Generator. 
     2.    Configure a predetermined username and password to be used for authentication on the CPE. 
     3.    Send a Connection Request to the CPE. 
     4.    Allow the CPE to authenticate the Connection Request and initiate a CWMP Session. 
     5.    Allow the session to terminate successfully. 

!4 Test Metrics:
 
     1.    The DUT successfully utilizes Connection Request to stimulate the CPE. 
     2.    The CPE initiates a CWMP session. 

!4 Possible Problems:
 
     1.    The CPE firewall is not configured to allow the Connection Request to be received. 
     2.    The CPE does not follow the steps necessary to initiate a CWMP connection, such as making a 
          CMWP Inform RPC on the ACS. 
