Upload 

!4 Purpose:
 
         The purpose of this test is to verify DUT's upload functionality. 

!4 Target:
 
         Any CWMP enabled CPE that communicates directly with the ACS. 

!4 References:
 
          [1]      Broadband Forum TR-069 

!4 Normative Description:
 
         According to Broadband Forum TR-069[1], if an ACS issues an Upload RPC on the DUT, the DUT 
may choose to upload the specified file to the designated location. If the file cannot be successfully 
uploaded, the DUT must not attempt to retry the file upload on its own initiative, but instead must 
report the failure of the upload to the ACS via either the Upload response 
Test Setup: 
     1.  Configure the DUT to use the ACS URL set on the CWMP analyzer. 
     2.  Install or acquire a vendor configuration or log file that is installed on the DUT. 
     3.  Configure and provide a file server (i.e., http or ftp) that can be accessed by DUT through the 
          network infrastructure.  Authentication may or may not be configured on the file server. 
     4.  Connect all components of the test setup to the network infrastructure. 

!4 Procedure:
 
     1.   Establish a CWMP session between the CWMP analyzer and DUT with successful Inform 
         exchanges. 
     2.   Instruct the CWMP analyzer to issue an Upload Request with the following parameters: 
         CommandKey                                               Empty String 
                                                                 An integer followed by a space followed by the 
                                                                 file type description. For a vendor 
                                                                 configuration file, set this parameter to “1  
          FileType 
                                                                 Vendor Configuration File”, and for a vendor 
                                                                  log file, set this parameter to “2 Vendor Log  
                                                                  File”. 
                                                                 The URL of the destination server configured 
          URL 
                                                                 in the test setup. 
          Username                                                Username to be used by the CPE to 
                                                             authenticate with the file server (if any). 
                                                             Password to be used by the CPE to 
         Password 
                                                             authenticate with the file server (if any). 
         FileSize                                           The size of the file to be downloaded in bytes. 
         TargetFileName                                     The name of the firmware image 
                                                            A random time between 60 and 120 seconds. 
         DelaySeconds                                       This exercises the device’s ability to wait  
                                                             before performing the upload. 
    3.   Allow the DUT to respond with an UploadResponse message. 
         a)  A status code of 0 in the UploadResponse means the Upload has completed. 
         b)  A status code of 1 menas the DUT will need time or certain actions to upload the file. 
             i.  Allow the DUT to finish uploading the file. Allow the DUT to reboot if needed. 
             ii. If the session has not been terminated, allow the DUT to send a TransferComplete 
                 message in the same session. 
             iii. If the session has been terminated (as a result of reboot or similar action), allow the DUT 
                 to initiate a session with the CWMP analyzer. 
    4.   Check the file server to verify if the file has been uploaded. 

!4 Test Metrics:
 
    1.  The DUT successfully responds to the Download RPC with a DownloadResponse. 
    2.  The DUT performs the Download. 
    3.  The DUT performs the firmware upgrade. 
    4.   If the upgrade was performed after the session has closed, in the Inform following the upgrade, 
         the DUT includes the events “7 TRANSFER COMPLETE” and “M Upload”. 
    5.  The DUT makes the TransferComplete RPC to indicate the Upload was successful. 
